we're here at box amps with Brian and
he's going to take us through something
that's very new and cool for the show
hey Brian hi how are you Yeah Yeah right
here we have this is the bruno design
box we've been working in conjunction
with Tony Bruno on many different
projects and he's a very well-known
ruchika amplifier builder the new
quality about the amplifier firstly is
the heart and soul of its going to be
6v6 tube configuration and there are
four of them running at 35 watts the top
panel is going to remind you of a Vox
past with some really cool features in
here from input / volume channel eq a
key tronic reverb that's tube tube
driven and a master volume that you are
able to bypass as well as a macho
setting which is a game boo that's
really sweet and a bass boost as well so
I'll just play a couple of riffs and
I'll go through each feature I just
explained all right
activate the macho boosts
and your face boost
I'm gonna deactivate the and bypass the
master volume
and that is the that's the Bruno amp by
box we're just going to give a quick
dissertation on the Little Night Train
and this is uh this is it right here
essentially two wats with the same
feature as it's a big brother here
bright and thick bright will give you a
nice little chiming sound lockpick
traditional vox sound and the thick does
the same thing that the NT 15 does and
that pulls out the the tone stack very
cool very lightweight portable and it
has a matching cabinet with a 10 inch
speaker so that's the little night train